Meng Yi, why are you here?
Sit down
It's cold, drink some hot water to warm your stomach, thank you.
Oh yes, brother-in-law
You haven't told me why you're here.
Secretary Huang and I are friends
I'm waiting for him here too
He went out to work.
I'll read a book here
It's a friend, right?
What happened yesterday
Don't be angry either.
My sister and I grew up with my mother
And my mom, she has no culture.
It's all knife mouth tofu heart
Don't take it to heart
Don't be angry.
She is also good for us
Actually, I'm not that angry with your mother
The key is your sister
3 years ago, I went out to start a business alone for her happiness
How much suffering and how many tears
I came back three years later.
I never expected it to be like this now
I don't think it's possible for me and your sister